== ImageData

A small library that can be used to extract metadata from large collections of research MR imaging data sets.  Support is also provided to insert the metadata into a Wisconsin ADRC Imaging Core compatible database.  Several 
command line utilities are provided as well as a minimal API that is useful for building ruby on rails rake tasks.

You will most likely be interested in either:

= import_visit.rb CLU

== Synopsis 
 A simple utility for importing imaging data collected during one visit into the WADRC Data Tools web
 application.  Data from a visit is contained in one big directory that may have many subdirectories.
 Each individual imaging scan may be composed of an entire directory of dicom files or one single p-file.
 This utility scans through all of the image data sets and retrieved meta-data about the scans from their
 header information.

== Examples
 import_visit.rb /path/to/raw/mri/data study.codename /path/to/db/db.sqlite3

== Usage 
 import_visit.rb <raw_data_directory> <scan_procedure_codename> <database_file>
 
 For help use: import_visit.rb -h

== Options
 -h, --help          Displays help message
 -v, --visit         Visit raw data directory, absolute path
 -p, --scan_procedure      scan_procedure codename, e.g. johnson.alz.visit1
 -d, --database      Database file into which information will imported

== Author
 K.J. Kosmatka, kk4@medicine.wisc.edu

== Copyright
 Copyright (c) 2009 WADRC Imaging Core.


or:


= VisitRawDirectory class

 see the doc directory